# 2023/07/22: Pilot Episode
Hey! I decided to start a (very poorly organized) blog here, since I wasn't using this for anything.  What better place, after all?  (no really please let me know i wanna take this somewhere else)

If you're reading this, you're either somehow watching all of my GitHub repositories, or I sent this to you.  I'll probably advertise the blog when I have a more concrete location established.

So, what have I been doing? Quitting Discord.
If I sent this to you, you're probably Tallen.  Or anybody else in the Skeld Vents. Which is, like, three other people.
(Don't worry guys, you can spread this around if you want to; It won't ever get as personal here)

I hope I haven't been removed from anything important for inactivity.  That would kinda suck.  I guess that *would* just be my punishment.
I've greyed out my profile picture on Discord, like, twice before, and never properly distanced myself.
I'm sort of crying wolf here, aren't I?

Don't worry.  The wolf is very real this time.  And I'm going away to get rid of the wolf :)

I've dealt with some bad shit for the last few months or so, and with the school year coming up, I knew I wouldn't have much time to talk anyway.
I figured I should get a head start on loneliness, so I deleted Discord off of everything yesterday.
(I still have the Discord website, but that's for dire emergencies.)  (Such as... sending this blog out. I guess.)

I hope to take this break time to work on all of the shelved projects I've stacked, and eliminate those that are too high up to reach.
(That leaves just album concepts and DDLC mods. All of which I hope you will see in some form eventually.)

## How have I been taking to the break?
Honestly, it's not that bad.  I'm finding things to occupy my time, like actually working on my shelved projects.
I have a grand in the family room, so sometimes in the middle of the day I'll sit down and play whatever.
It almost always devolves into a Radiohead or Tally Hall chord progression, though.  I need to work on originality.

Something I should note is that there will be no persona to this break.
I'm not going to be mysterious, or be someone I'm not for the sake of "lore building" or working up to a teaser for my "next huge thing".
Because you're listening to me.  I hope so, at least.  You've read this far.

That should cover everything I wanted to say.  I'm quitting Discord (and Twitter) for the time being, YouTube will continue at its regular snail's pace, this blog will get an update every day.
(Unless I'm unable to provide one.  Then you'll get whatever days I missed all at once when I come back!)

### Currently Listening:
- [Tree Palm - Her Name Is ユビンLady](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PkzVrZPgAKE)
- [A bunch of stuff from Cheescake+ by LemKuuja](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLHU1aZe5NrxaxbNNPI9ZAi35hHO-iiK1D)
- [The DDLC OST.  I am going slightly insane.](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLc5ZKngbAPXMG4yjq9ESGfqblQfL9g4-p)
- [Wintersaga by Wind Rose.  (Why do I love dwarfcore...?)](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLbAX2mGcq9Wyg2uxh-pCo8IeU7wAr5y-Y)

Until the bytes align once more,
\[:.:]

#### P.S.
If you want to get to another day, simply input the numbers for the year, month, and day, respectively, into the URL.
If it exists, great!
It should show up.
One day I will integrate this notice into the header and footer of the website. :)
