# 2023/07/23: Electric Boogaloo
Wow! I almost forgot to write today's entry. That's kind of embarrassing.
It's still before midnight here, so it counts!

One huge pitfall this blog will one day face properly is that I usually don't go out of my way to experience anything new.
I promise that's going to change, starting tomorrow.
If it ever gets too bland, I'll just upload a poem, or lyric or dialogue teasers. Maybe some secret mp3s. It'll be fun :)

Anyway, I just wanted to get that out there because not much happened today.

## Part I: LEGO Beyblade
I do Lego Beyblade stuff every once in a while, by the way. Today, I made a new Layer and Chassis based on CyberBeyz's Sparking System.
Unfortunately, I cannot proportions, and the Layer is comically tiny. I'll put an image in the footnotes tomorrow.

I like the chassis, though. Very simple, very symmetrical(?), looks beautiful when spinning by itself.
I made a bit more Sparking System stuff, too, but my physical resources are limited, so I didn't come up with much.
That's why we have Bricklink Studio, I guess. (#notsponsored)

## Part II: The incredibly depressing part of the cycle
I remember, there was a span of time where I misunderstood the concept of "doomscrolling".
When in reality it meant consuming solely negative information about the world, I thought it was being so chronically online that it was making you mentally and physically worse.
I suppose, in that sense, I used to doomscroll.

That habit is kind of the whole reason I'm on hiatus.
Even though I'm *still* an absolute workaholic, and that's only making my case worse for me by not having others to talk to...

oh

i have made a grave error in my calculations

### Currently Listening
- [Miracle Musical - Stranded Lullaby](https://youtu.be/WOtTTkVuCwA)

Let me back in,
\[:.:]
