# 2023/07/25: Coming down the mountain
> I love Mountain Song by Jane's Addiction. Not because I'm a heroin addict, but because I play Doki Doki Literature Club.

\- Prokube, 2022

Hello! Today we're going to do something a little different.
Since I need to ramble about something to distract myself from overwhelming depression and demotivation to do anything, I present to you:
## Turning *Jane's Addiction*'s *Mountain Song* Into the Most Satisfying Credits Motif in the History of Doki Doki Modding
Mountain Song is a song about a mountain. Much to my original dismay, the mountain is a metaphor for a drug high.
It is *not* a reference to the story of Moses. Let's see how we can turn it into the story of Moses, and by extension, the story of Monika.
Yeah, that creepy intelligence trapped in the cutesy dating simulator.

### Part 1: What even *is* a mountain?
Okay, so basically Moses's whole thing was he climbed a mountain, or hill, or something to hear the word of God, right?
No, really, I'm asking you.
Like the fool I am, I refuse to properly research this, because I know Tallen is gonna think I'm slacking with the blog schedule.

Hi, by the way. I hope I'm wrong.

Anyway, Monika's weird mountain shit wasn't really a mountain, per se.
It was moreso just trudging through the desert and then encountering a Mandela Alternate, but for the sake of "why not", let's just call it a mountain.

### Part 2: Like Shakespeare (Words words words)

I will admit that *Mountain Song* needs significant rewriting to even remotely resemble a theoretically doki-related story.
However, there are some key elements we can keep:
+ Everybody has their own opinion / She had the same opinion

  ...
  
Nope. this is actually really dumb. nevermind.

Uhh...

You wouldn't happen to have any good ideas, would you?

...

## Yeah, fair. I should just talk.

Nothing happened today. I pulled another all-nighter, Mom went to work at, like, 10, so I spent up til 1:30 just sleeping.
Like I locked the door, went upstairs, and then the eepy overwhelmed me or something.

I messed around with the new Beyblade parts I got yesterday...
Still pissed over that.

Played piano, cried to *The Trap* by Tally Hall, worked more on a different DDLC mod.

Oh, also, in case you aren't following my (totally dead) Twitter, I'm playing Tomodachi Life.
In the worst way possible.

(insert various footage of Citra freezing for like 40 seconds at a time here)

In all, today was uneventful, and that fucking sucks. Woohoo.

### Currently Listening:
- [Tally Hall - The Trap](https://youtu.be/OjGzOJ5IiSM)
  I hold this song very close to my heart, because I think of it as a reminder that one day, I will have a magnum opus out there.
  People will watch the credits roll, and this will play, and they'll think "Wow, that actually is what happened" when they Google the lyrics.
- [Miracle Musical - Stranded Lullaby](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WOtTTkVuCwA)
  I'd like to know why you're all alone while I'm lost at sea.
- [Tree Palm - Her Name Is ユビンLady](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PkzVrZPgAKE)
  Today is a huge W for Yubin fans everywhere. We've once again surpassed Plasticガール as Tree Palm's most popular upload.
- [Speaking of which](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xe6xeiBO1Jc)
  (Tree Palm literally never misses, damn)
- [LemKuuja - Ouais Ouais (Instrumental)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kvRe4p-K-oM)
  For some reason, the instrumental has a way more distorted intro riff. I'm here for it :shrug:

Until the bytes align once more,
\[:.:]
#### P.S.
maybe i just say the day was uneventful so i dont have to try to remember it. i don't know anymore.
#### P.P.S.
oh, right, i managed to make a 70-gram beyblade. Tact Luinor Sou (Pro) Convert (Pro) Charge..? Charge Metal? (Hasbro)
also, if you put that weird Charge Metal driver on Nightmare Longinus, it becomes a weapon of sheer destruction.
I'm not even kidding, my thumb knuckle is still healing. also the speedstorm version of Mobius is uh

interesting
#### P.P.P.S. I watched the first episode of Wednesday finally. Seems interesting so far.
